README.md, before:

Purpose
=======

The purpose of this repo has always been to provide myself a rather solid starting point for new frontend development projects. 

Current Status
=============

I'm sick of writing JS libraries and code examples (more on that stuff under "History") and I just want to get things out INTO the world.

So, the most recent master is a hacky combination of Ember.js and Skeleton CSS on top of a stripped down, patched up, HTML5 Boilerplate. It has evolved(devolved?) into a wireframing tool with the following features:

1. It uses HTML5 Boilerplate as a starting point.
2. It includes the best features of Skeleton CSS to help with simple layout/bootstrap-esque mockup-ing while holding onto responsive design.
3. It includes Ember.js as a tool to really make the front end development useful. Handlebars templates FTW.

In the long run, this code will be ploped into either a Rails or Node.js/Express server side implamentation. Maybe Rendr (from Airbnb) will be stable enough by that point.

History
=======

This project started out as a really simple js game engine. Over the last year or so I have schizophrenically added a bunch of different, entirely messy, JS code examples covering a pretty good cross section of ideas and tools. It has bits and pieces of Raphael.js, Backbone.js/Underscore, Agility.js (customized a bit by myself), and some customized debugging and helper libraries.

Check the various branches to see the examples. They all should launch from index.html.

I've tried to add a bit of information to the README files of each branch but, really, it probably just looks like a bunch of noise.


If nothing else, let this be a reminder to everyone that code orginization is more then just indendations and naming conventions.

James

Commit message:

updating the readme with a link to the live demo

README.md, after:

Purpose
=======

The purpose of this repo has always been to provide myself a rather solid starting point for new frontend development projects. 

Live Example
============

You can find the current head over here: http://files.zenpirate.com/FrontendDevelopmentTemplates/

Why?
=============

I'm sick of writing JS libraries and code examples (more on that stuff under "History") and I just want to get things out INTO the world.

So, the most recent master is a hacky combination of Ember.js and Skeleton CSS on top of a stripped down, patched up, HTML5 Boilerplate. It has evolved(devolved?) into a wireframing tool with the following features:

1. It uses HTML5 Boilerplate as a starting point.
2. It includes the best features of Skeleton CSS to help with simple layout/bootstrap-esque mockup-ing while holding onto responsive design.
3. It includes Ember.js as a tool to really make the front end development useful. Handlebars templates FTW.

In the long run, this code will be ploped into either a Rails or Node.js/Express server side implamentation. Maybe Rendr (from Airbnb) will be stable enough by that point.



History
=======

This project started out as a really simple js game engine. Over the last year or so I have schizophrenically added a bunch of different, entirely messy, JS code examples covering a pretty good cross section of ideas and tools. It has bits and pieces of Raphael.js, Backbone.js/Underscore, Agility.js (customized a bit by myself), and some customized debugging and helper libraries.

Check the various branches to see the examples. They all should launch from index.html.

I've tried to add a bit of information to the README files of each branch but, really, it probably just looks like a bunch of noise.


If nothing else, let this be a reminder to everyone that code orginization is more then just indendations and naming conventions.

James
